Adds user manual in RST, converted from Arianna's LaTeX (#740)
mantidproject/mantidimaging: docs/user_guide/index.rst

#. Open one of the images with the prefix "Tomo".
#. All images with the prefix "Tomo" in the same area will be loaded

Mantid Imaging should at this stage search the directory for all the files with prefixes like "Flat" and "Dark" and put them in the correct category. If this is missed or simply stored in a different location, the above steps can be repeated to find and load these.

At this stage there is also the option to:

#. Open only a portion of the sample images. This can be done by manually selecting the file indices or using the "Preview" Button which will set the file indices to a suitable selection.
#. Select the pixel size of the detector used in microns. This can also be changed at a later stage.
#. Untick a category of files to not load. For example, if both "Dark Before" and "Dark After" images have been found this can be adjusted to only one.

Project Window
##############

.. image:: ../_static/project_view_guide.png
    :alt: View of the application window
    :align: center

Operations
##########

Next let's take the sample we loaded and let's tidy it up with operations. To open the operations go to "Workflow" then "Operations".

> 1. **Remove Outliers** will be the first operation we will apply. This has to be completed in 2 modes "Bright" and "Dark". We'll complete this for both modes with difference set to 1000 and median kernel set to size 3. Apply this to all stacks.

Author: Yeah during that discussion we found out that they use ImageJ's 50, which is equivalent to 50 for us. I checked that afterwards and the confusion seems to be because we show all pixels affected in a binary mask, while ImageJ doesn't use a binary mask, so you can only see the brightest affected pixels.

Really it's very based on the data, and the Tilt 4 is already pre-cleaned in ImageJ with 50, so with 1000 there might not be a lot left to change

4. **Crop Coordinates** Next we will crop the stack to contain the sample only by selecting a ROI as in the following.

.. image:: ../_static/Crop.png
   :alt: ROI that needs to be selected for the crop
   :align: center
   :width: 70%

At this point we have a sample ready to reconstruct. Note operations such as a median filter could be used here, but in an effort to conserve grey value as accurately as possible it was avoided.

Reconstruction
##############

To open the reconstruction window, go to "Workflow" then "Reconstruct". This should open onto the "COR and Tilt" tab. For the reconstruction we will be manually finding the COR and tilt values. The best way to do this is be to use the \textbf{COR Table}.

1. First select a slice index close to the top of the sample using the Preview box at the bottom of the reconstruction window.
2. Then press the "Add" button at the bottom of the screen. This should add your slice to the table.
3. Press the "Refine" button whilst selecting this slice. This brings up the following window:

.. image:: ../_static/refine_window.png
   :alt: Loading screen
   :align: center

> 4. Continue by selecting which window shows the most accurate depiction of the sample. Mantid image will highlight the window it feels is best in green.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Continue by selecting which window shows the most accurate depiction of the sample. Mantid Imaging will highlight the window it feels is best in green.
```

5. Repeat for a slice at the bottom.
6. After this the "Calculate COR/Tilt from slice COR table" will now be selectable. Feel free to repeat the process for intermediate slices before pressing this button.

Now move to the "Reconstruct" tab. At this stage there should several different settings to use. For this sample use the following settings.

- Maximum Projection Angle: 360.00
- Algorithm: FBP-CUDA
- Reconstruction filter: hann
- Pixel size (microns): 103

> There are many filter options. Experiment with the filters by looking at the slice preview and the corresponding hitogram next to it. Filters like "hann" will strongly filter out higher frequency components. In contrast "ram-lak" preservers these higher frequency components resulting in a visibly less smooth histogram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many filter options. Experiment with the filters by looking at the slice preview and the corresponding histogram next to it. Filters like "hann" will strongly filter out higher frequency components. In contrast "ram-lak" preserves these higher frequency components resulting in a visibly less smooth histogram.
```

Reconstruction
##############

To open the reconstruction window, go to "Workflow" then "Reconstruct". This should open onto the "COR and Tilt" tab. The reconstruction window provides 2 automatic methods COR/Tilt finding, read more about them here: :ref:`Center of Rotation`.

For this reconstruction we will be manually finding the COR and tilt values. The best way to do this is to use the **COR Table**.

1. First select a slice index close to the top of the sample by clicking on the projection image (the top left image from the 3 visible in the window), or dragging the yellow line.

   - Alternatively you can use the Preview box at the bottom of the reconstruction window.

2. Then press the "Add" button at the bottom of the screen. This should add your slice to the table.
3. Press the "Refine" button whilst selecting this slice. This brings up the following window:

.. image:: ../_static/refine_window.png
   :alt: Loading screen
   :align: center

> 4. Continue by selecting which image shows the most accurate depiction of the sample. Mantid Imaging will highlight the image it feels is best in green. This can be innacurate for very noisy samples, but should be accurate for this dataset.

Reviewer 2: "innacurate" -> "inaccurate"
